docs: Update Prerequisites section of OSM Manual Demo document (#3010)
openservicemesh/osm: docs/content/docs/install/manual_demo/_index.md

The OSM Manual Install Demo Guide is a step by step set of instructions to quickly demo OSM's key features.

## Prerequisites
This demo of OSM v0.8.2 requires:

>   - a cluster running Kubernetes v1.15.0 or greater

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - a cluster running Kubernetes v1.18.0 or greater
```

This will help with consistency across all platforms

Reviewer 2: Upstream support >= 1.17.

>   - a cluster running Kubernetes v1.18.0 or greater

Author: ```suggestion
  - a cluster running Kubernetes v1.17 or greater
```
